README.md, before:

# ASKWISE - Online Forum

ASKWISE is an online forum project developed for the DBMS (Database Management System) project. It is designed to provide a platform for users to ask questions, share knowledge, and engage in discussions on various topics.

## Features

- User Registration: Users can create an account and register on the platform.
- User Login: Registered users can log in to their accounts.
- Post Questions: Users can post questions on different topics.
- Reply to Questions: Users can reply to questions posted by other users.
- Search Functionality: Users can search for specific questions or topics.
- Tagging System: Questions can be tagged with relevant keywords for easy categorization and search.
- User Profile: Each user has a profile page displaying their activity and information.
- Notifications: Users receive notifications for new replies or updates on their questions.
- Moderation: Admins have moderation capabilities to manage user accounts and content.

## Technologies Used

- Front-end: HTML, CSS, JavaScript
- Back-end: Django (Python web framework)
- Database: SQLite (can be configured to use other databases like MySQL or PostgreSQL)
- Version Control: Git

## Installation and Usage

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Myrausman/DBMS-PROJECT.git

2. Install requirements:

    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt


3. Start the development server:
    ```bash
    python manage.py runserver

4. Access the application in your web browser:
    ```bash
        http://localhost:8000

## Contributing
    -Contributions to ASKWISE are welcome! If you would like to contribute, please follow these steps:

    - Fork the repository.
    - Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
    - Make your changes and commit them.
    - Push your changes to your forked repository.
    - Submit a pull request detailing your changes.
## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## Acknowledgements
   `Special thanks to  [Samadpls](https://github.com/samadpls) for developing and sharing this project.

Commit message:

Alhamdulillah
Finally, the project is complete, and it has been an incredible learning journey. Working with my dedicated partner, Hamna, has made the process much smoother and more enjoyable. Having someone hardworking by my side throughout the project has made it easier for both of us to learn and grow. I am grateful for the collaborative effort and the valuable lessons gained from this experience.

README.md, after:

# ASKWISE - Online Forum

ASKWISE is an online forum project developed for the DBMS (Database Management System) project. It is designed to provide a platform for users to ask questions, share knowledge, and engage in discussions on various topics.

## Features

- User Registration: Users can create an account and register on the platform.
- User Login: Registered users can log in to their accounts.
- Post Questions: Users can post questions on different topics.
- Reply to Questions: Users can reply to questions posted by other users.
- Search Functionality: Users can search for specific questions or topics.
- Tagging System: Questions can be tagged with relevant keywords for easy categorization and search.
- User Profile: Each user has a profile page displaying their activity and information.
- Notifications: Users receive notifications for new replies or updates on their questions.
- Moderation: Admins have moderation capabilities to manage user accounts and content.

## Technologies Used

- Front-end: HTML, CSS, JavaScript
- Back-end: Django (Python web framework)
- Database: SQLite (can be configured to use other databases like MySQL or PostgreSQL)
- Version Control: Git

## Installation and Usage

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Myrausman/DBMS-PROJECT.git

2. Install requirements:

    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt


3. Start the development server:
    ```bash
    python manage.py runserver

4. Access the application in your web browser:
    ```bash
        http://localhost:8000

## Contributing
    -Contributions to ASKWISE are welcome! If you would like to contribute, please follow these steps:

    - Fork the repository.
    - Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
    - Make your changes and commit them.
    - Push your changes to your forked repository.
    - Submit a pull request detailing your changes.
## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.
## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## Acknowledgements
Special thanks to Samadpls ([GitHub](https://github.com/samadpls)) for his invaluable mentorship, guidance, and contribution to the development of ASKWISE. His expertise and support were instrumental in shaping the project and ensuring its success. We are grateful for his dedication and commitment throughout the development process.

### Collaborators:
- Maira Usman: [GitHub](https://github.com/Myrausman)
- Hamna Mohiuddin: [GitHub](https://github.com/hamnamohi)

We would also like to express our gratitude to our talented collaborators, Maira Usman and Hamna Mohiuddin. Their hard work, technical skills, and collaboration significantly contributed to the implementation and enhancement of ASKWISE. Their commitment to the project and innovative ideas were invaluable in creating a user-friendly and efficient online forum.
